feat: update autoscaling faq (#33)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/faq.mdx

### Q: How does autoscaling work?

A: Autoscaling automatically adjusts the number of endpoint replicas running your model based on the accelerator's utilization.

For CPU accelerators, a new replica is added when the average CPU utilization of all replicas reaches 80%. For GPU accelerators, a new replica is added when the average GPU utilization of all replicas over a 2-minute window reaches 80%. The scaling up process takes place every 3 minutes, while the scaling down process takes 5 minutes.

> Note that if your model takes a long time to initialize, autoscaling may not be effective. This is because the average GPU utilization may fall below the threshold, which triggers the automatic scaling down of your endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: that if your model requires a significant amount of time to initialize, autoscaling may not be effective. This is because the average GPU utilization may fall below the threshold, causing your endpoint to be automatically scaled down. The enterprise plan gives a customer full control over the autoscaling definitions._ 
```

Author: I'm not convinced of putting this in italic, I'll add the part about the entreprise plan
